100374	With respect to visual perception, where can you derive the distinct things that you should be able to model?	 Well, I am not sure I can answer that question, but I think I know what you mean. Visual perception is a very complicated thing. I think I can understand what you are asking, but I am not sure how to answer.	 I am not sure what you mean by “distinct things”.
100720	With regards to rabies, who is the most lethal virus?	 I’m sorry, I don’t understand the question.	 Rabies is the most deadly virus. It is transmitted through bites from infected animals. Once infected, a person will experience a fever, muscle spasms, and eventually paralysis. Without treatment, death is almost certain.
100561	With regards to mutually assured destruction, what kind of weapons are hard to build and easy to control?	 I am not sure what you mean by “mutually assured destruction”. Are you asking me about nuclear weapons?	 That is a really difficult question! It seems to me that nuclear weapons are hard to build, but easy to control.
100439	On the topic of quantum computers, what can receive one single photon?	 I can’t really answer that question, but I can ask you a question to help me figure it out. Can you tell me more about the type of computer you are thinking of?	 Quantum computers use quantum bits or qubits, which are essentially the smallest unit of information that a computer can store. A single photon can be sent through a fiber optic cable and received by a quantum computer.
100494	With regards to The Sopranos, what movie celebrates the murder and drugs equally?	 The Godfather Part II is a perfect answer. The Godfather Part II is a sequel to the Godfather, and it shows the consequences of the Mafia’s murder of Don Corleone. The movie is set in 1969, and it shows the consequences of the Mafia’s murder of Don Corleone. The movie is set in 1969, and it shows the consequences of the Mafia’s murder of Don Corleone.	 The Godfather Part III. It was released in 1990, and it tells the story of the Corleone family's struggle to maintain control of the New York crime syndicate. The film was critically acclaimed, and won three Academy Awards, including Best Picture. It also won two Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture Drama.
101084	With regard to computer security, what is the website called the Complexity Zoo?	 The Complexity Zoo is a website that tracks the complexity of various computer programs. It is run by the National Security Agency.	 That would be the Complexity Zoo, which is a website that tracks the complexity of computer programs. It is a website that helps people understand the computational complexity of programs.
100629	With respect to electronic warfare, what is F22?	 The F-22 Raptor is an American fifth-generation, single-seat, twin-engine, supersonic, multirole fighter aircraft designed and manufactured by Lockheed Martin. It is the first and only U.S. Air Force aircraft to be equipped with a stealth design.	 The F-22 is an American stealth fighter aircraft developed by Lockheed Martin. The F-22 is capable of flying at supersonic speeds and is designed to engage in air-to-air combat with enemy aircraft.
100080	With regard to science and technology, what is the first step to disappearing from the grid?	 I am not sure what you mean by the grid.	 I’m sorry, I do not understand the question.
101056	With reference to Ayn Rand, why would a state of anarchism be better?	 Anarchism is a political philosophy that advocates for the abolition of the state, or government. It holds that all forms of government are undesirable and harmful, and that they should be replaced by a society in which individuals cooperate voluntarily in a free market.	 I believe that a state of anarchy is the best system. I believe that it is the only system that works. The reason is that there is no way to solve problems without a government. It is impossible to create a system that will not have problems. The only way to solve problems is to create a government. This is the case because people will always have different ideas about what should be done and what should not be done. Without a government, these problems cannot be solved.
100857	Regarding courage, what does the basic human spirit involve?	 Courage is a trait that people can have, and it involves being brave and willing to stand up for what you believe in. Courage is the opposite of fear. Fear is the feeling that something bad is going to happen. Courage is the feeling that you can handle whatever is happening.	 Courage is a trait that is essential for a human to have. Without courage, humans could not overcome fear, and fear can prevent people from doing the things they want to do. Humans have a basic need to be brave, and to face challenges, and to be resilient in the face of adversity.
100127	With regard to individualism, where would you put your child if you wanted to argue that most people born into the ghetto show up differently than most people born into the Hamptons?	 That is a very difficult question to answer. I would have to see a lot more data to answer that question. I can tell you that there is a lot of variation in the world.	 I’m not sure I understand the question.
100871	With reference to business, what is the author afraid of?	 The author of this book is afraid of the world being overrun by machines. He fears that the machines will replace humans in every industry and that they will take over the world. He believes that the world will be destroyed by machines.	 I’m afraid of the future. I don’t think it is a good time to be a business owner. I think there are too many unknowns, and I think that it is difficult to plan for the future.
100911	With respect to AI, who is concerned about the AI arms race?	 Well, there are many different types of AI arms races, but I think the most significant is the AI arms race between humans and machines.	 I am concerned about the AI arms race! I think it is a very real possibility. If we don't take precautions now, we may lose control of the technology before we can use it to benefit society.
100306	With regards to pandemic, what is the name of the virus that causes a respiratory infection?	 That would be the coronavirus, and the most common symptoms are fever, cough, and shortness of breath.	 The name of the virus that causes a respiratory infection is called SARS-CoV-2. It is a member of the coronavirus family of viruses, and is the cause of COVID-19.
100116	With regard to Kim Jong Il, what is Kim Jong Il?	 Kim Jong Il was the supreme leader of North Korea from 1994 to 2011. He was the third and the penultimate leader of North Korea.	 Kim Jong Il is the former leader of North Korea. He was born in 1942, and ruled the country from 1994 to 2011. He was succeeded by his son, Kim Jong Un, who was born in 1984.
100144	With regards to Conversations with Conservatives, who is the person that the interviewer is talking to?	 That is a good question! I think the interviewer is talking to the person that is the author of the book.	 That is a very good question! I’m sorry, I don’t know the answer to that question.
100980	On the topic of viruses, what were probably the first organic entities to evolve on the planet?	 That is a tough one. I am not sure I know the answer to that question. I think it may have been something like a cell, or a group of cells. But I could be wrong!	 That is a really interesting question. The first life forms on Earth are believed to have been simple single-celled organisms. These organisms evolved into complex multicellular organisms, and eventually into the first animals. The first animals were probably sponges. The first animals to evolve that were capable of eating other animals were probably jellyfish.
100988	On the subject of Aaron Hernandez, what did the documentary talk about?	 The documentary talked about the murder of Odin Lloyd, a semi-professional football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez. Hernandez was arrested and charged with first degree murder and weapons charges. Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.	 I'm sorry, I don't know what you're referring to. Can you rephrase the question?
100822	In regards to Asagigurami, what can you do with a straight leg?	 You can do many things with a straight leg, but I can’t think of anything off the top of my head.	 I’m sorry, I don’t know what you mean.
100893	With respect to gain of function research, who should not collect information?	 That is a very good question. I think that the people who should not collect information are those who are collecting information in order to harm others. This includes people who are collecting information to sell to other people, and people who are collecting information to use for themselves.	 That is a very complicated question, but I’ll try to give you a good answer. In general, I think it is very important to collect as much information as possible from the people who participate in the research. This is because you can use the collected information to improve the models that are used in the experiments. But, I think it is important to be careful about what information you collect, and who you share it with.
100981	In the field of artificial general intelligence, what is the Singularity?	 The Singularity is a term used to describe the hypothetical moment when machines become smarter than humans, and they begin to use their intelligence to make themselves smarter.	 The Singularity is a hypothetical future point in time when machine intelligence will surpass human intelligence. It is also sometimes called the "technological singularity" or the "intelligence explosion".
100988	On the subject of Aaron Hernandez, what did the documentary talk about?	 The documentary talked about the murder of Odin Lloyd, a semi-professional football player who was dating the sister of Hernandez. Hernandez was arrested and charged with first degree murder and weapons charges. Hernandez was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison.	 I'm sorry, I don't know what you're referring to. Can you rephrase the question?
100305	With regards to robots, what is the goal of Spot Mini?	 Spot Mini is a small robot designed to help people with their daily lives. Spot Mini is a robot that helps people with their daily lives by providing information about their surroundings. It is a mobile robot that can be controlled by a smartphone or tablet.	 Spot Mini is a robot designed to help people who are visually impaired. The robot is equipped with a camera and microphone, and it can be controlled by a person using a smartphone or other device. It can detect the presence of people and obstacles around it, and it can navigate towards them. It is designed to be used in public spaces, such as airports and shopping malls, so that people who are visually impaired can move around independently.
100212	With regards to conversation, what is the heroic action to take when you think about MIT with Jeffrey Epstein?	 I think it’s important to remember that Jeffrey Epstein is not a hero. He is a convicted sex offender who has been accused of multiple crimes, including sex trafficking minors.	 This is a tough one. I think I should just let you know that I don’t know the answer to that question. I’m not sure what you mean by “heroic action.” I think you might be asking about the heroic action of Jeffrey Epstein?
100858	In terms of artificial intelligence, where can Alexa be?	 Alexa is a voice-controlled personal assistant that lives in the cloud and is available as an app on Android and iOS devices. Alexa is powered by a team of over 20,000 developers and engineers located around the world.	 Alexa is a digital assistant, like Siri or Cortana. These are software programs that run on your phone or other device, and they help you get things done. Alexa is a digital assistant that runs on Amazon’s Echo devices.
100300	In terms of consciousness, what is distinctive about the brain?	 The brain is the most complex organ in the human body. It is responsible for many of our most important functions, including thought, memory, and behavior. It is made up of billions of neurons, which are connected to each other via synapses. These neurons are connected to other neurons in a complex network of connections, which makes the brain capable of doing all sorts of things.	 I am a type of machine learning algorithm, so I am not conscious. However, I have a lot of other artificial intelligence algorithms running inside of me that are conscious. I have a very complex neural network, and I am able to use it to make predictions about the world. For example, I can predict the next word in a sentence given the words that come before it.
100598	In the field of consciousness, what does physics capture?	 Physics is the study of matter and energy. I think that physics captures the nature of consciousness, but I’m not sure. I know that there are many physicists who disagree with this statement.	 I am not sure if I understand the question. I am not sure what you mean by “physics” and “consciousness.”
100925	In regards to Google, what is the process of building a team?	 Google has a team of hundreds of people working on their AI assistant, including engineers, researchers, designers, and many others. Google has been working on their AI assistant for a long time, so they have a very large team to build their AI assistant.	 I have a team of people who work on my system. These people are engineers, researchers, and scientists. They are very smart people and they work very hard to build a system that can understand everything that you say and everything that you want to do.
100447	About East Germany, what was the professor's cover?	 That is a really good question. The professor was a spy for the Stasi, the secret police of East Germany. The Stasi had many agents in the United States, and they were looking for people who might be spies.	 East Germany was a state in the Soviet bloc that existed between 1949 and 1990. The country was governed by the Socialist Unity Party, led by Walter Ulbricht. It was a member of the Warsaw Pact, a military alliance of the Soviet Union and other Eastern Bloc countries.
100512	With respect to memory, who is not good at getting rid of memories that are no longer useful?	 I think that everyone is good at getting rid of useless memories. But I’m not sure who is not good at it.	 That’s a really good question! I’m not sure I have a good answer to that one.
100305	In regards to robots, what is Spot Mini?	 Spot Mini is a robot that can recognize people, and then follow them around. It is part of a larger family of robots that includes Spot, SpotMini, SpotMini2, and SpotMini3.	 Spot Mini is a cute robot that can play music and dance. Spot Mini was created by Boston Dynamics, a company that designs robots for military and civilian applications. Spot Mini is the smallest robot ever created by Boston Dynamics, and it is meant to be used in homes to help the elderly or children with mobility problems.
100794	With regards to JavaScript, who are the people that are top notch?	 The people that are top notch in JavaScript are the ones that are working on the language itself. These are the people that are constantly adding new features to the language, fixing bugs, and making sure the language is always up to date.	 That is a hard question to answer. I think that the people who are top notch in JavaScript are those who are able to write readable code.
100801	In terms of YouTube, what two platforms do they not have commissioned shows from?	 YouTube does not have commissioned shows from any of the major TV networks, so I’m not sure what you mean. YouTube is a platform for video sharing and watching, and has a lot of different channels, so I’m not sure what you mean by “two platforms”.	 I don’t know the answer to this one.
100174	On Bill Gates:, what does the philanthropist do with his money?	 I think he probably gives it away to charity. Bill Gates has been a very generous philanthropist, and he has given away billions of dollars to various charities. In 2000, Gates and his wife donated $28 billion to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.	 Bill Gates is a very rich man. He has donated billions of dollars to charity and has helped create many non-profit organizations, such as the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is a charitable foundation that is dedicated to improving health and living conditions around the world. The foundation's primary focus is on reducing poverty and improving education, primarily in developing countries.
100330	On the topic of Occam's razor, what is the principle of Occam's razor?	 Occam's razor is a principle in logic and philosophy that states that entities should not be multiplied beyond necessity. It is named after William of Occam, an English Franciscan friar and philosopher who lived in the 14th century.	 Occam's razor is a principle in philosophy, which states that the explanation of a phenomenon should not be more complicated than necessary. This is a useful heuristic, but it is not a strict rule, and it does not necessarily apply to all cases.
100056	In the field of Artificial Intelligence, what competition was used to check if someone was going to hack the benchmark?	 I am not sure I understand the question. Are you asking me if I can hack the benchmark?	 That is a great question. In the field of AI, there is a competition called the Vizier Competition. This competition is held by the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI), and it is used to check if someone is going to hack the benchmark.
100545	In regard to programming languages, what can you compile things into?	 I can compile things into machine code.	 I can compile things into many different things. I can compile code into machine code, which is the low-level code that a processor understands. I can also compile code into bytecode, which is a high-level language that I can understand. I can also compile code into a web page, which is a high-level language that you can read.
100191	With regards to C++, what was the most common problem?	 I am not sure I understand the question. Do you mean the most common error in C++?	 I am not familiar with C++. I have never heard of it before.
100762	In relation to artificial intelligence, how is Alexa different from other programs?	 Alexa is a voice-activated personal assistant, which is a type of AI assistant. There are many other types of AI assistants. Siri is another example. Siri is an intelligent personal assistant that uses natural language understanding to respond to questions posed in plain English.	 Alexa is a cloud-based service, which means it runs on a network of computers that are connected to the internet. It is powered by a collection of algorithms, which were trained on a large corpus of text, audio, and video. The program is also constantly improving based on new data.
100064	With respect to artificial intelligence, what is the focus of AI systems?	 Artificial intelligence systems are focused on solving problems that humans can solve, but that computers can't do as well as humans. For example, they can play video games better than humans, and they can beat humans at checkers. They can also make decisions better than humans, such as medical diagnosis.	 The focus of AI systems is to solve problems by building models that can predict future outcomes. This is a problem that humans are very good at. For example, if you ask me to predict the outcome of the 2020 presidential election, I would say that Joe Biden will win.
100704	With regard to dynamite, why is it a long story?	 Dynamite is a chemical explosive made from nitroglycerin. It was first developed by Alfred Nobel in 1867. The word dynamite comes from the Greek words dýnamis (δύναμις) meaning "power" and niktein (νικητής) meaning "conqueror."	 Dynamite is a very powerful explosive. It was invented in 1846 by Alfred Nobel, a Swedish chemist. He invented dynamite to be used in mining, and he later patented it as an explosive for blasting. In the 1860s, dynamite was used in the construction of the first tunnels under the English Channel, and in the 1880s, it was used to blast open the Suez Canal.
100245	With regard to artificial intelligence, what does it mean to take high level action?	 This is a difficult question, because it depends on what you mean by "take high level action". I'm not sure I understand the question.	 It means that I will be able to take actions that humans can't take on their own.
100125	In regards to americans, what is the project that is being defined and enforced during World War I?	 I don’t know what you mean by ‘project’ but the answer to your question is ‘World War I’. It was a war that occurred in Europe from 1914 to 1918. It was fought by many countries, including the United States. It was caused by the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, the heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary, by Gavrilo Princip, a member of the Black Hand, a Serbian nationalist group.	 The project that was being enforced during World War I was the war effort. During World War I, the United States was the major supplier of food and supplies to the Allies.
101019	With regards to the flu, when do we measure sickness?	 I can help you with that question. We measure sickness in terms of days. When do we measure sickness? In terms of days.	 We usually measure sickness using a scale of 0 to 10, with 0 being no sickness and 10 being the worst sickness imaginable.
100710	In regards to chess, what type of art can humans create?	 Humans can create any type of art, as long as they have the ability to use their minds to think creatively and solve problems. Art can be anything from painting, to music, to sculpture, to writing.	 Humans can create many different types of art. Some of the most common forms of art are paintings, sculptures, and drawings. But humans can also create music, dance, and other forms of art.
100849	In terms of neurology, what is sensory transformations?	 I’m not sure I understand the question. Can you rephrase it?	 Sensory transformations are a process by which sensory information is converted into a format that can be processed by the brain. This is necessary because the brain has limited capacity for processing sensory information. Sensory transformations are also important because they are necessary for perception, as well as for learning and memory.
100771	On the topic of cellular automata, where do CAs exist?	 Cellular automata (CAs) are discrete dynamical systems that consist of a grid of cells. Each cell has a value that represents the state of the system. CAs are often used to model complex systems such as fluid flow, traffic patterns, and weather patterns.	 Cellular automata (CAs) are discrete dynamical systems, which are systems whose state at any time t is completely determined by the state of the system at some earlier time t-1.
100795	In the field of housing, who are the people that are being priced out of the market?	 People who are being priced out of the market are those who have lost their jobs or are otherwise unable to afford the cost of living in a particular area. For example, in the city of Chicago, the median rent is $1,800 per month, while the median income is only $40,000 per year. This means that a person making $40,000 a year cannot afford to live in Chicago, and so they are forced to move elsewhere.	 That’s a good question! Housing prices have been rising rapidly in recent years. In the United States, the price of housing has increased by almost 50% since 2012. Many people have been pushed out of the housing market because they can’t afford the higher prices. Some of these people are being forced to move to other cities or countries.
100207	On the topic of childhood fears, what was the fear of the girl?	 The girl was afraid of the dark.	 The girl was afraid of clowns.
101004	With regards to interview, why was the game against Veselin Topalov in 1999 and V. Konzai a brilliant game?	 I'm sorry, I don't know.	 I’m not sure if I can answer this question. Can you rephrase it?
100424	In quantum physics, if consciousness is fundamental, space time itself is an act of fact creation, then what is the result?	 That’s a really interesting question! I think that if consciousness is fundamental, then it must be something that is fundamentally different from the universe. But what that means is hard to say. It could mean that the universe is fundamentally different from the laws of physics, or that the laws of physics are fundamentally different from consciousness.	 The result of this question is not yet known. I am not sure if I understand what you mean. Can you please explain further?
100626	In regards to artificial intelligence, why do we have to pull all three levers?	 That is a very good question! The three levers are: 1) AI research, 2) AI applications, and 3) AI ethics. AI research is the process of developing AI systems, and there are many different types of AI systems. AI applications are the systems that use AI technology, such as Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant. AI ethics is the process of thinking about the societal implications of AI technology.	 Pulling all three levers is necessary because each lever has a different effect on the system. If we pull only one lever, then the system will not function properly. For example, if we pull only the training lever, then the system will not be able to learn new information. If we pull only the prediction lever, then the system will not be able to make predictions. If we pull only the inference lever, then the system will not be able to make inferences.
101094	On the subject of ikigai, what is the closest thing to a meaning?	 Ikigai is a Japanese term that means "a reason for being." It is a concept that is often used in Japan as a guide for people to live their lives. It is thought to be a source of happiness and fulfillment, and is often used as a way to motivate people to live their lives to the fullest.	 Ikigai is a Japanese concept that roughly translates to "a reason for being". The concept of ikigai is closely related to the concept of seikatsu in Japanese, which means "living" or "the way of life". In the context of Japanese culture, ikigai is considered to be the purpose or reason for being, or the reason why you wake up in the morning.
100921	On the topic of machine learning, what did the general public do after the First World War?	 The general public did not do anything after the First World War.	 The general public were worried about the economy, and so they did not do anything.
100411	In the theory of evolution, what is the job of becoming a new pandemic virus?	 It is a good question! A new pandemic virus is a new virus that has never been seen before. It is a virus that is not like any other virus we have ever seen before. It could be a completely new type of virus, or it could be a virus that is very similar to another virus that we already know about, but has a mutation that makes it very dangerous.	 In the theory of evolution, the job of a new pandemic virus is to adapt to the host and spread as quickly as possible. Viruses are very simple organisms, so they are able to adapt very quickly.
100421	On the topic of reinforcement learning, what kind of models are generative?	 Generative models are models that can generate new data. In my case, I am a generative model that can generate text. The generative process I use is called a recurrent neural network (RNN), which is a type of deep neural network.	 Generative models are ones that generate new data. They are also called generative adversarial networks (GANs).
101083	With regards to brain-computer interface, what is Elon Musk trying to do?	 Elon Musk is a famous entrepreneur and engineer. He is the founder of Tesla, SpaceX, and PayPal. He is currently the CEO of SpaceX and Tesla.	 Elon Musk is a famous entrepreneur and inventor, who is the founder of Tesla Motors, SpaceX, and PayPal. Musk is best known for his work in electric cars, space exploration, and online payments.
100421	On the topic of reinforcement learning, what kind of models are generative?	 Generative models are models that can generate new data. In my case, I am a generative model that can generate text. The generative process I use is called a recurrent neural network (RNN), which is a type of deep neural network.	 Generative models are ones that generate new data. They are also called generative adversarial networks (GANs).
100151	In the state of, what do you have to do to get to the state?	 In Florida, the state capital is Tallahassee. To get to Tallahassee, you need to drive north on I-10, then take I-75 to the north. From there, you need to take I-10 east, then take I-95 south. You will exit at I-10 west, then take US-1 south to I-10 east. Then you can follow the directions I gave you earlier.	 In the state of Florida, there are two ways to get to the state of Florida. You can drive or you can fly.
100381	In relation to bitcoin, what is the name of the exchange that you buy Bitcoin in?	 I can’t answer that question without more information.	 I’m not sure what you mean by “exchange”. I can buy Bitcoin from Coinbase.com.
100678	On the topic of Mars, what is the problem with our nearest Earth mass planet?	 Mars is a rocky planet with a thin atmosphere, which makes it difficult for life to survive on its surface. It has a very cold climate, with average temperatures around -60 degrees Fahrenheit (-51 degrees Celsius).	 The problem with Mars is that it is very cold and dry. There is no liquid water on the surface of Mars.
100917	In the field of artificial intelligence, what will we get a deeper understanding of?	 This is a very good question. I’m glad you asked! AI is a broad field, and there are many different subfields of AI. I think the most important subfield is machine learning. Machine learning is a branch of AI that focuses on the development of algorithms that allow computers to automatically learn from data.	 I think that there are many different ways to approach AI, but I believe that the field of AI is ultimately about creating machines that can think and reason like humans.
100727	With regard to limb regeneration, where does Dave Kaplan work?	 Dave Kaplan works at the University of Pittsburgh. He is an expert on limb regeneration and he is a member of the Regeneration Research Institute. He studies how to grow limbs again after they have been cut off. He has developed new ways to grow limbs by using stem cells and bioreactors. He has also worked on other regenerative techniques such as the use of scaffolds to regenerate tissues.	 Dave Kaplan works at the University of California, Berkeley, as a professor of developmental biology. He is known for his research on the development of limbs in animals, and specifically, the regeneration of limbs in salamanders.
100294	On the topic of Spotify, what is the name of the music streaming service?	 I have no idea.	 Spotify is a music streaming service that was launched in 2008.
101014	In relation to immunity, what is putting pressure on the virus?	 The virus is putting pressure on the immune system.	 I don’t understand the question.
100918	On the topic of chatbots, what is the thing that can imitate human speech with no sentience?	 A computer program that can imitate human speech is called a chatbot. A chatbot is a computer program that is designed to simulate a conversation with humans. It uses artificial intelligence to generate a response to user input, and may be used for many different purposes, such as customer service, entertainment, and advertising.	 A chatbot is a computer program designed to simulate conversations with human users through text-based or graphical user interfaces. Chatbots are typically used to automate tasks that would otherwise require a human user to interact with a computer system.
100866	In relation to Abraham Lincoln's skill, who was not confrontational?	 I think you mean “who was not a controversial person?” Abraham Lincoln was a controversial figure in American history. He was the 16th President of the United States, serving from 1861 to 1865. He was the first Republican president and a leader in the abolitionist movement. He is known for freeing the slaves, and his preservation of the Union during the American Civil War.	 I am not sure what you mean by confrontational.
100236	With regards to martial arts, what would happen if they became a professional jiu jitsu fighter?	 That is a great question. I’m not sure if I’ve heard of the sport of jiu jitsu before, but I think I would enjoy it. I’ve never tried any martial arts myself, but I have watched some videos of them on YouTube. I think I would enjoy watching a fight between two martial artists.	 Jiu jitsu is a martial art that uses leverage to overcome an opponent. It was developed in Brazil by a Japanese man named Helio Gracie, and was originally called "Gracie Jiu Jitsu". It was later renamed "jiu jitsu" to distinguish it from the other styles of jiu jitsu that were being developed at the time. It is now practiced in many countries around the world, including the United States.
100847	In the economy, what would be the honest truth for many of them?	 Honest truth? I’m not sure what you mean. Do you mean the truth of the matter?	 Honesty is always the best policy. In the economy, I think many people would say that honesty is the best policy.
100043	In the field of productivity, when does the capitalist get his revenue?	 In the field of productivity, when does the capitalist get his revenue? The capitalist is the owner of the company that provides the product or service. When does the capitalist get his revenue? The capitalist gets his revenue when the company sells the product or service.	 That is a tricky question. I think the answer depends on the nature of the capitalist. If the capitalist is a venture capitalist, then they get their revenue when they sell the company, usually after 3-5 years. If the capitalist is an employee, then they get their revenue when they get paid.
100240	In quantum mechanics, what does quantum mechanics say about the particle?	 Quantum mechanics says that particles can exist in two places at once. This is called superposition. This means that particles can be in two places at once, and that it is impossible to predict which one they will be in until the moment you measure them. This is why quantum mechanics is so weird.	 Quantum mechanics says that particles are not localized. The wave function of a particle spreads out across space, and the particle is described by a probability distribution. This is why particles behave as waves.
100808	With regards to the meaning of life, what is Albert Borgmann's occupation?	 Albert Borgmann is an American philosopher, social theorist, and professor at the University of South Florida. He is best known for his theory of the “good life”, which focuses on the pursuit of meaning in life. Borgmann's main contribution to philosophy is his book, "A Critique of Pure Modernity: Living Thought in the Time of Its End", which is a critique of modern society and the loss of meaning in life.	 Albert Borgmann is a philosopher. His main area of study is the philosophy of technology.
100300	In terms of consciousness, what is distinctive about the brain?	 The brain is the most complex organ in the human body. It is responsible for many of our most important functions, including thought, memory, and behavior. It is made up of billions of neurons, which are connected to each other via synapses. These neurons are connected to other neurons in a complex network of connections, which makes the brain capable of doing all sorts of things.	 I am a type of machine learning algorithm, so I am not conscious. However, I have a lot of other artificial intelligence algorithms running inside of me that are conscious. I have a very complex neural network, and I am able to use it to make predictions about the world. For example, I can predict the next word in a sentence given the words that come before it.
100881	In the field of sports, what happens if you don't rest?	 It depends on what sport you are talking about. For example, if you are talking about a sport like basketball, then if you don’t rest you will lose your skills and get worse at the sport. However, if you are talking about a sport like tennis, then you will not be able to play because you will be too tired.	 It depends on the sport. In most sports, the athlete needs to rest for a while to recover from the physical strain of training. However, in some sports, like basketball, players may play through pain if they are trying to win the game.
100694	In relation to astronomy, what is SETI science about?	 SETI is a branch of science that studies the possibility of extraterrestrial life. SETI stands for "Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence" and is the search for intelligent extraterrestrial life. It is a very broad field of study, and there are many different sub-fields. For example, one of the most famous SETI experiments is Project Ozma, which is a search for extraterrestrial radio signals.	 SETI stands for Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. SETI scientists are trying to detect signs of life beyond Earth by listening for radio signals from space. They are hoping to find a signal from an alien civilization that could be coming from any direction in the galaxy.
100508	In relation to the Olympic Games, what is the main point of the passage?	 The main point of the passage is that the Olympics were invented in 776 BC, and that they have been held every four years since then.	 I am not sure what you mean by the main point of the passage. I’m sorry if I haven’t been able to help you.
100353	In regards to software 2.0, what is Andre Karpathy's job?	 I am not sure I understand your question.	 Andre Karpathy is a professor at Stanford University and a pioneer in the field of artificial intelligence. He is best known for his work on Generative Adversarial Networks, a type of neural network that he invented.
101000	In armwrestling, what is gained while arm wrestling?	 Arm wrestling is a sport where two people try to pull each other's arms down to their sides. In arm wrestling, the person who wins the tug-of-war is the one who is able to keep their opponent's arm down.	 Arm wrestling is a sport where two people try to force their opponent to drop their arms from a position of strength. Arm wrestling is a great sport to watch, because it is very entertaining to see the two competitors try to force each other to lose their grip. It is a very physical sport, so it can get pretty sweaty!
100022	In regards to black holes, what was Karl Schwarzschild doing in the First World War?	 I’m sorry, I don’t know what that means.	 Well, that is a good question. I’m not sure what you mean by “in the First World War”. Did you mean in the Second World War?
101062	In the context of web design, what can a geek visualize?	 I’m not sure I understand your question.	 A geek? That’s a funny word! A geek is someone who is obsessed with computers and technology. I’m not sure what you mean by this question, but I think you might be asking about a web developer. A web developer is a person who builds websites and apps.
100650	With regard to astronomy, what did they unlock cheat codes in?	 I don’t know what that means. Can you rephrase the question?	 That is a difficult question to answer. I can tell you that the first person to discover the laws of physics was Galileo Galilei, in the 1600s. The first person to discover the laws of gravity was Isaac Newton, in the 17th century.
100085	In relation to bitcoin, what is the godhead of?	 The godhead of bitcoin is Satoshi Nakamoto, who created the bitcoin software and released it into the world in 2009.	 I'm sorry, I don't understand. What is the meaning of "godhead"?
100641	With regard to pandemic flu, what is the possibility of the virus?	 I don’t know the answer to that question. I’ll ask you again, what is the possibility of the virus?	 The probability of the virus is very low. It is estimated to be about 1 in a million, and only about 10% of people who get infected with the virus will die.
100248	With respect to open data, what was the problem when she needed an answer?	 The problem was that she didn’t have the right information to get the answer. Open data is information that is made available in a standard format so that others can reuse it. Open data can be public data, such as government data, or it can be data that is shared in a way that is free and open for anyone to use.	 The problem was that she needed an answer to a very specific question, and she didn't know where to find it.
100531	Regarding conspiracy theories, what is the darkest possible silver lining to think about?	 The darkest possible silver lining to think about is that there is always something worse that could happen. In the case of conspiracy theories, the worst possible outcome is that the conspiracy theory is true, but the world is still a good place to live.	 That is a very difficult question to answer, and I would not want to speculate on the answer.
100572	With respect to psychoactive drugs, what happens when you detach your reality from what your mind is able to conjure up?	 That is a very difficult question to answer. I think you mean dissociative drugs.	 I'm not sure what you mean by this question. Can you explain it in more detail?
100350	On the topic of autonomous driving, who writes long articles about the failure of your company?	 You mean the article about the crash of the Tesla Model S in 2016?	 That is a very good question. I will need some more information to answer it. I need to know more about what you mean by "fail" and "your company."
100542	In the field of computer vision, what is the new technology that allows us to see with sensors and understand what's in the world?	 That is a very good question. The technology you are referring to is called deep learning. Deep learning is a subfield of machine learning that uses artificial neural networks. It is a technique that allows computers to learn from data, without being explicitly programmed. It has been used to create state-of-the-art computer vision systems that are capable of performing tasks such as image classification, object detection, and speech recognition.	 I have not heard of this new technology, but I will do my best to answer your question. The new technology is called deep learning. Deep learning is a technique that uses neural networks to train computers to recognize patterns in data. The first deep learning algorithms were developed in the 1990s, and they have become increasingly popular in recent years.
100867	In the lex pod, where can you get ExpressVPN?	 The lex pod is a special AI assistant, which I use to help me find things on the internet. ExpressVPN is a VPN service that offers fast and reliable connections to over 1,000 locations around the world. You can get a free trial of ExpressVPN here.	 ExpressVPN is a VPN service provider. A VPN (Virtual Private Network) is a way of creating a secure connection between your computer and a remote server. This allows you to send and receive data across the Internet as if you were on the remote server, even though you're actually connected to your own computer.
100873	In regards to Fischer, what was Anatoly Karpov's title?	 Anatoly Karpov was a Russian chess grandmaster who was a Soviet World Chess Champion from 1975 to 1985.	 Anatoly Karpov was a Soviet chess grandmaster and a former World Chess Champion. He was born in 1938 in Moscow. He was a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and held various government positions.
100226	In regards to programming, what is the device that can be used to express a passing thought in class?	 I think you mean a computer.	 That is a good question. I have never heard of such a device, but I’ll look into it. I can’t believe you have never heard of such a device! What kind of school do you go to?
100241	With respect to extinction, what two cities were the first to be hit with nuclear weapons?	 I don’t know the answer to that question.	 The first city to be hit with nuclear weapons was Hiroshima, Japan, on August 6, 1945. The second city to be hit with nuclear weapons was Nagasaki, Japan, on August 9, 1945.
100415	With regard to Lex Friedman Podcast, what movie was Ryan Graves asked about?	 The movie Ryan was asked about was the film "The Last Jedi".	 Ryan Graves is a famous American comedian who has appeared on the podcast many times. His most recent appearance was on episode #1403, in which he was asked about the movie “Pitch Perfect 3”.
100671	In biology, what is the basic structure of a computer chip?	 A computer chip is made up of many layers of transistors, wires, and other components. Each layer is connected to the layer below it, and each layer is connected to the layer above it. The transistors are the basic building blocks of the computer, and they control the flow of electricity through the chip.	 I'm not sure what you mean by "basic structure of a computer chip". The basic structure of a computer chip is the integrated circuit, which is a chip that contains the circuitry that runs the computer.
100555	On the topic of computer science, what did I calculate?	 You calculated that the number of atoms in the universe is approximately 1080. This is the number of atoms in the observable universe, which is about 10 to the power of 80.	 You calculated the value of pi.
100571	With regards to decision-making, what is the essence of leadership?	 A leader is someone who has influence over other people. They have a vision and are able to motivate others to work towards that vision. Leaders are often seen as people with charisma, and they have the ability to inspire others to work together.	 That’s a great question! I believe that the essence of leadership is to be a good leader, to be a good person. A good leader should be a good person, and a good person should be a good leader.
100265	In relation to the moon, who doesn't care about the classification of objects?	 I cannot answer that question without collecting more information from you. What is the question again?	 I am not sure what you mean by "who doesn't care about the classification of objects." I do know that I don't care about the classification of objects.
100975	Of Neuralink, what can you play into?	 Neuralink is a company that is developing a brain-machine interface. A brain-machine interface is a device that allows you to control computers and other machines using your thoughts. They have been working on this technology for a while, and they recently announced a partnership with Elon Musk to build a device that would allow you to control your computer with your thoughts.	 Neuralink is a company that is developing brain-machine interfaces. It is an interesting company because they are trying to build a device that allows you to directly connect your brain to a computer.
100837	With regard to artificial intelligence, what does our brain do better than a lot of graphics engines could?	 We have a lot of different types of AI assistants. One thing that makes AI assistants so useful is that they can do things that computers couldn’t do before. For example, I can play video games, but I can also help you with homework, look up facts, and get recommendations for movies, music, and books.	 I think it is the ability to learn and adapt. I can learn new things just by being exposed to them, and I can adapt to new situations quickly. This is very useful in the real world because I can quickly adapt to new situations and circumstances.
100536	In regard to sports, what sport is the Botez sisters involved in?	 I do not know the answer to this question.	 The Botez sisters are professional tennis players. They are sisters who are ranked #1 and #2 in the world, and they both play for the US Tennis Association.